Is everything okay with you today? I'll go.
show you a top5 of my
masks of treatment is a lot of people
has requested this video so I decided
record several at a time so I
It involves the previous one because I
send new again enjoy that
call every minute
these masks that I'm going to show
you both like to fit me in
in hydration as in my nutrition
Good, I 'm not going to say anything about
reconstruction because the thing that I most
used to rebuild my hair is
that aunt in gel or want to take liquid
so for this reason I did not put
none is a mark of rebuilding but this
I'll show you how it's custom to
box of both my hydration part
such as malnutrition when I want to treat
Sometimes I use your mask.
cure even when I want in the trio one
I add some
vegetable oils plus some little thing
so that's the way I do I go
get the mask people - favorite
for more, I like all of them
they always have one or the other that
people were voting a little bit more
Then I 'll start on Thursday.
first okay
in fifth place is this mask that gives
pantene keeps rejuvenating repair
it's pretty taste of pantene masks
regardless of what you say on the front
of packaging
I like to use her to leave Natal in the
trio hair when you want to get out of treatment
I use it pure even growing a
little paul beckham promised that
dexcom of noé vitamin b5 is but when
I want to nourish there I usually
potentiate with some vegetable oil
there is a potential that also never
milk is finally fifth place
I like this one a lot.
option everyone can find
hypermarket asked for me in fourth place
people is also a very accessible brand.
some owners work with this
brand
It is more for those who buy can access the
online store of the brand boot that also has
it is around 8 reais more or
any less
it's a good option that this one from here
vegetable flowers
this fall collage of pomegranate collagen
it helps the cache quite active and is
a super-smelling mask has a
consistency that helps
enough to let the hair of the environment
very soft customs is no longer so for
nurture my hair there I add several
other ingredients to potentiate and
She cries super people, I recommend
You are the third people I am.
I'm kind of like this is in doubt of what he
Tell me which position to put this but I want
show you why you do not know if
put in second place
I would put it in third place
but I've been thinking a lot and I've decided to
third place that this mark here optical
on the mark treat the ge
she is a brand of argan oil
shea butter and avocado oil and
donor oil are listening to the
people noise because it is very windy
and I think rain will fall then the
window swaying note I've already tried
explore the attack but did not give much
right here on the packaging says it
hydrates recover nourishes the bowl gives shine
and reduces the volume
I really think she does all this.
It's even written here I feel hair
with a treat the hair is well nourished
softness with brightness is the volume to us that
More or less, I do not feel that much.
difference is not reduced but it is not
that drastic thing to note
she is a quick action mask
Why do we have to if she does not?
microwave does not need to put on the cap
no one has to let hair just five
she already gives the results of the
evaluation in five minutes it is very
I really like her so much hurt.
When are we going to happen on the days?
that I want to do my mother I
I want to care
You know me when I need it.
to do the nail when I need it
take off the eyebrows then these days
that I come back very much the precise priest
I'll take care of her hair, I'll use her
because it does not score and give a good
result and she's already fast then
I can do all my plans know.
and quite like the result is a
very good option with price from here in stores
network is a site is an online store
super recommend he always delivered me
For me, always good, then.
I like it a lot and I eat nelson sa
A lot of you know so I like to do more
online shopping even think it more practical
Now with the baby, so is ours.
then it is only to evaluate the
freight issue is when you see that
it's worth we end up buying
online mass in second place people are
a band b status is a cream bath
anti fall she has jaborandi rosemary
there and vitamins abe her help in
Hair growth is also here in the
packaging says that the treatment
vitamin- rich revitalizing
activates circulation through massage
during the application of the product
other purposes avoiding that and helping
in growth
it has a consistency and brought
so I can an ounce bag that does not
fell into the taste so much masks so
people because the masks are more
left my hair shiny
I really like the media is food in the
finzinho
I think it's just under half that
theme agitated this Thursday and ended up
coming down a little bit but mine already
a little less than half
quite like the smell of it comes
gostosinho fleeced she has some time
And she has really liked it, she's in mine.
second position recommended for all
world too I do not remember how much it was
I paid that here we do not
remember was the chain 's stores but also
now I can not remember the exact price bell in
first we got a mask
here I think not even making
these products here of that brand
6 that the moisturizing mask one day
every haskell this is the mask
multifunction afro multifunction cassava
because I realized that there is another
other cassava brand also this one
and it's a multi-function cassava
I'm really liking this brand
I'm using all the products of
line I have not seen yet, I've spoken to you
I'll make you the full line.
she has a good conscience but she
canoeing on your card so short
she is super smelling she has some she has
a few little ducklings a little dots
I believe that I own one's own
cassava, right?
There are bits and pieces of
people looking so I think the dirt
but it's not from the superhero alone leaves the
very soft hair people I'm liking
Pretty but I will not be talking too much.
telling details of what it does
Why do I leave it to do and then there?
I want you to go back and check the
review
I think you'll like it, they have it.
a larger version
This one here is 250 grams but has
option of 500 grams it already has
hasta minc
addition of these five that I liked to
Do you have any other
I put here in this top 5 that I most
I'm using less the ones I like the most
Ok folks, these are mine.
favorite at the moment I hope
you enjoyed the tip end
stay connected on the next videos I
I will do is review that line all
here and i'm using she used a shampoo
conditioner mask finally believe
stay home while we show you
I hope you liked the
stay with god until the next
subscribe here on the channel tá bão chau